♪♪
(Tim) Yes, um, I was
wondering, we're looking
for accommodations for
five children... okay.
He's been on the phone for a long time.
Who's he talking to?
Who knows?
Splitting is up is pretty complicated.
They probably have to find five
different families to take us.
Four families.
They're sending me to the
orphanage, remember?
Sorry, Max.
You know, I'm actually going.
I mean, I'd rather join the French
Foreign Legion instead of that.
What's that? I'm not really sure.
But it's in a lot of movies.
As far as I can tell, it's
this French army unit
that'll take anybody.
They take you in when
you don't have, like,
a bunch of private islands or...
(Tim) Thank you so much, yeah, thanks.
Thanks, bye, bye.
Guys? I think I might have a plan.
(all talking at once)
Nobody's going anywhere!
It wasn't easy,
but I figured out a way how everybody
can stay together until
Erik and Kate get back.
I do really need to
have a word with them.
Anyway, why didn't you guys tell me
about your real aunt and uncle?
(all) Aunt Hedwig?
Yeah, and Uncle Eugene.
They're gonna come and
stay with you guys
so everybody can stay together.
Isn't it fantastic?
I expected a more... positive reaction.
(weakly) Great... Yay...
(tires screech)
(horn honks)
I don't want to sleep in this house.
It's haunted.
Oh, get a grip, Hedy.
You've been a fraidy cat
ever since we were kids.
It's not haunted.
But it is Hunter property.
Our property.
(doorbell chimes)
(Daniel) What are we worried about?
We already got rid of Hedwig once.
Oh, oh... (maniacal laughter)
We could do it again.
No, we're not.
We're gonna be perfect angels.
We are? Yeah, why?
All Hedwig cares about
is stealing the diamond.
And I bet old Gene is
in on it with her.
Okay, we have to pick up the
fake diamond from Magpie
and deliver it to Saganash.
If we start making trouble,
Hedwig and Eugene will
make trouble for us.
That's the last thing we need.
Exactly. We have to be smart.
But I don't want that witch
sleeping in Erik and Kate's bed.
It's like they're taking their place.
No one's taking Erik and Kate's place.
They'll be back soon. (sighs)
All we have to do is wait
for Saganash to call.
In the meantime, we all need
to be on our best behavior.
(dinging)
(ding)
(whistle blowing) What is that?
Fall in!
Fall in! Double-time! Fall in!
Line up for inspection!
I want a nice, straight line!
I want a pony.
What did you say?
Nothing.
One more remark from you,
and it's latrine duty.
Do you copy?
What's he talking about?
Military talk. What?
He's going to make you
clean the toilet.
(Anika laughs) No laughing.
Shh.
What, we're not allowed
to laugh anymore?
Oh, one of us is going to laugh.
Me... when you're cleaning the toilet
with your toothbrush.
But that's not fair.
And then, you'll clean the kitchen.
With the same toothbrush?
After he cleaned the toilet with it?
That's nasty. Silence!
You will clean the kitchen
with Daniel's toothbrush.
Now off to work.
And use plenty of disinfectant.
On the double!
Hut! Hut! Hut! Hut! Hut! Hut! Hut!
Hut! Hut! Hut! Hut! Hut! Hut! Hut! Hut!
And the rest of you, fall out!
That means you're dismissed, go, scram!
♪♪
Disinfectant.
I'd like to disinfect him. (exhales)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(phone vibrating)
No, he's been cleaning
for six hour... (door rattles)
Hey, you're back! Finally.
Did you know it is really,
really, really hard
to clean strawberry jam
from a kitchen floor?
We got important news from Saganash.
He wants us to hand over the
diamond tomorrow night in...
(loud snoring)
Max?
(snoring)
♪♪
And these are going to
be your morning rations
every day from now on.
Every day?
Mm-hmm.
Could... couldn't we
get a little variety?
Of course, of course.
Every Sunday we will add
a little raw garlic.
Great. Ugh.
What is it? Don't you like it?
It's delicious, sir.
I'm just not very hungry.
The regiment has a rule.
Take what you want, but
eat what you take.
But I...
Wonder what they're eating
at Blackfriars right now.
What was that?
(Hedwig) What did you say?
Nothing.
Mmm-mmm.
Oh...
Mmm, it's really good.
It certainly is.
And there's plenty more
for you to enjoy, Hedy.
Oh.
Eat up. All of it.
Can't wait for garlic day.
Yum.
♪♪
(school bell ringing)
(Tess) Okay.
All right.
That was Daniel.
The Magpie delivered the
fake diamond to the house.
Yes. Yeah.
I am so hungry. Me too.
Ooh.
I'd give anything for one
of Erik's sandwiches.
Or Kate's special pizzas.
What about her pancakes?
Oh, just think, you guys.
If everything goes according
to plan, we'll have them back.
Maybe even tonight.
We just have to think of a way
to get past our prison guards.
I think I might have an
idea to help us out there.
Does innocent, young
Salvatore have a scheme?
(piano music playing)
Well, what's all this?
Here you go, Uncle Eugene
and Auntie Hedwig.
Welcome. Good evening.
Have a seat, please.
Do you like the music?
Hmm. Sit down, please.
And don't worry about your rooms.
Max and Tess are making up
the bed with fresh sheets.
Can I go to bed now, Auntie Hedwig?
I already brushed my teeth
for a full three minutes.
Then I brushed them again.
(ding)
I told you we'd break
these rats in no time.
It's all a matter of showing
who's the boss in the house.
It's all clear, let's go.
Shh.
There is so much that I
don't like about this plan.
For instance?
Well, to start with,
it's not an actual plan.
(phone chiming)
Hello?
(disguised voice) Do
you have the diamond?
Yes.
Put it on the ground
between number 99 and 100.
Wait, not so fast.
We need to know that
our parents are okay.
They're fine, I promise.
Dude, you're a kidnapper.
Doesn't exactly make you the
most reliable source here.
We need proof.
This is taking too long.
I'm going to count to three.
One... two...
All right, all right.
Good choice.
Now do it.
There. Okay.
All right, you go there,
and I'm gonna go here.
Okay.
Now!
You don't get nothin' until
we see Erik and Kate.
(Simone) What are you guys doing here?!
You, stop where you are!
What's that?
(sighs) Well, where have
you been till this hour?
Tess was sick. We went
to take out the trash.
I found them at a parking lot.
We can assure you we had no idea
these two were absent without leave.
(Hedwig) You have to understand.
I mean, we're trying
our best, but... Yes.
These children are
like untamed animals.
They come from broken homes.
They're barely even house trained.
(chuckles)
They've always seemed
like good kids to me.
But that's not my concern right now.
What I'd like to know
is why they would leave this
lying around a parking lot.
Uh, may I see that?
Care to explain?
This is a diamond you had on
exhibition the other day.
(chuckles) Oh, you...
you think that's
Josephine's one true love?
And we'd just leave it
at, at a parking lot?
That is the funniest thing I
have ever heard in my life.
That's right! That's hilarious!
Then what is it?
Yeah, Max, what is it?
It's a fake... obviously.
I got it at this novelty
shop on Dam Square.
It was, like, two euros?
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Diamond.
Well, what were you doing with it
in the middle of the
night at a parking lot?
We're part of this online game
where you accept challenges
to do outrageous things.
And that guy who ran away?
He was part of the game.
Exactly, yeah, he was the gemstonium.
Dominus, it's Latin for,
uh, gemstone master.
I guess that explains his outfit.
(Tess) I know, right?
Who else in Amsterdam
wears a hood and cape?
I'm gonna take this fake
to the police station for safekeeping.
Well, there's no need, I mean... No...
We can... we can take care of that.
Yes. I assure you.
You're here to watch the
kids, not their belongings.
Any questions?
I guess it's good night, then.
(door closes) How dare
you steal from us.
You will pay for this.
Keep the change.
(phone sounds)
(sighs)
Texting, when you should be working.
Where do you think you are?
Hanging out with your friends?
Definitely not.
Well, maybe this will teach you
not to steal valuables from our house.
This isn't your house.
It's Erik and Kate's house.
It's our house!
Oh, what are you gonna do?
Attack me with a toothbrush?
One more stunt like that, brat,
and you will end up in...
the orphanage.
Now get back to work.
(birds chirping)
(whispering) So now what?
We give 'em the real diamond.
Ugh, no, Kate and Erik
specifically use a fake.
We're gonna do what they say.
(snoring)
Okay, so we have to get the
fake diamond back from Simone.
Sounds like a job for
the man of her dreams.
Tim? How's he gonna help?
Anika! Simone's crazy about Tim.
I can't be the only one who's noticed.
It's true.
There's no point in lying to myself.
(whistle blows)
Silence!
All present and accounted for.
We'll start this morning
with calisthenics.
Shake out the cobwebs before
your morning gruel, huh?
What don't you shake
your own cobwebs, Gene?
Maximilian?
The latrine.
With your toothbrush.
On the double!
(snickers)
Joke's on you... Gene.
My toothbrush is officially retired.
Oh, I see.
We do have a problem.
So I guess I'm... off the hook.
Tess?
Am I correct that you wear
eye makeup sometimes?
Um, yes, why?
♪♪
Hi, Daniel, what's going on?
Is everything okay?
Tim wants to see me?
Simone wants a what?
How do you... She told you.
Wait, why are  you telling me this?
(distant voice over phone)
He is kind of shy, isn't he?
Police station, tonight, right.
Got it. I'll be there.
Well, thanks for calling, Daniel.
Thanks. Yes, yeah...
Bye. (beeping)
Okay, bye, Simone.
That was awful.
You were so good.
Yeah.
Look who I found sound asleep
with his head on the toi...
toilet seat. (clears throat)
We wanted to give you your brush back.
(Max) Thanks, Tess.
Oh, thanks.
The plan is working, you guys.
Daniel set up a date for Simone
so we can steal the fake diamond back.
Great, Anika.
But, uh, I think you
should do it without me.
Gene and Hedy are gonna be
watching me like a movie.
Until Erik and Kate come back,
I'm gonna do everything they want.
Shh.
Seriously?
Very seriously.
No one's taking any valuables...
Our valuables.
...from this house.
(door opens)
(Eugene) What was that?
(door squeaks open)
(Hedwig) Be careful, Eugene.
Oh, whoever's in there
better be careful.
These hands are deadly weapons.
(Tess laughs)
Good evening, Gene.
You insolent brat!
Whoa! Oh! Oh!
Oh, Eugene!
Oh!
(all laughing)
(Eugene and Hedwig groaning)
You wanted a clean floor.
How's that for clean?
You little monster!
Enjoy your evening.
You're finished!
You're going to Blackfriars.
Do you hear me?!
I thought you'd given up.
Hunters never give up.
Yeah, they don't. Whoo!
Eugene, my back!
My back!
(Simone) Thanks for the invitation.
No, thank you.
Wait, you invited me, right?
I did?
I know, Daniel actually
made the call, but you...
I thought it was a great idea.
Whose idea?
Your idea.
You mean your idea.
(chuckles)
So... wanna grab a bite to eat?
Definitely.
When do you get off duty?
Right... now.
(both chuckling)
There they go. Ahh... yes.
(Sal) Yup, yup, yup, wait.
(Anika) I have an idea how to get in.
(Daniel) Wait, wait, go no, go now.
Right there, it's right
there, right there.
(Max) Where is it?
(Sal) Hurry, somebody might be coming.
(crosstalk) There it is.
Oh, there it is.
She's got it. Yes.
(Sal) Come on, please be the
diamond, please be the diamond.
(all) Yes!
Go, go, go, quick, quick.
First you tell us where
our parents are.
It's today's paper.
It's definitely them.
Wait, when do we get our parents back?!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org